remove the daemonset specific exception (#17242)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/out-of-resource.md

### DaemonSet

> As `Priority` is a key factor in the eviction strategy. A `DaemonSet` pods you want to never get evicted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As `Priority` is a key factor in the eviction strategy, if you do not want pods belonging to a `DaemonSet` to be evicted, specify...
```

should specify a sufficiently high priorityClass in the pod spec template. A `DaemonSet` pods you only 
want to run if there are sufficient resources can specify a lower or default priorityClass.

> Prior to 1.12, `DaemonSet` pods are created and scheduled by the `DaemonSet` controller. 

Reviewer: I would avoid adding documentation for out-of-support releases
